Hii.. I am a computer science undergraduate and I work as a freelancer part time..I can do this job withing 24hours max on my budget..This wont take much time..And it dont need to pay much money as well

Drop me a message..We can talk about it..:) I wont disappoint you..I will show my previous works..

I speak Good english. Communication wont be a problem between us.

Please drop me a message..So that we can talk about it..I will provide UNLIMITED Modifications to the design..

Please give me a chance to show my talents and skills...Money is not that important for me

I have ratings of 4.9/5 and a completion rate of 96% and Repeat hire rate is 64%
Which means I will never disappoint my clients on this website..

Thank you in advance..Please consider my proposal.



Hello..I am a very skill full freelancer Graphic Designer..I can design you this Logo for your business..I provide it in Editable PSD (Photoshop) file format...It will only take few hours to design it.

Some of my works are attached to my freelancer portfolio..If you need to see more drop me a message..I will share the link.. :)

I wont disappoint you..Please drop me a message..So that we can talk about it..I will provide UNLIMITED Modifications to the design..

Please Give people like us a chance to show our talent..Drop me a message..I will show you my previous work..

In this budget i will provide you the editable PSD file along with Image files such as PNG,JPG or PDF
Estimated time that would take will be around 2 hours max withing the project awardation

I have ratings of 4.9/5 and a completion rate of 93% and repeat hire rate is 64%
Which means I will never disappoint my clients on this website..

Thank you in advance..Please consider my proposal




Hello..I am a very skill full freelancer Graphic Designer..I can design you these set of Banners for your business..Both Flat and Animated GIF Designs..All you have to do is drop me a message...

Some of my works are attached to my freelancer portfolio..If you need to see more drop me a message..I will share the link.. :) As a new freelancer they wont let us add more portfolio items...
Drop me a message..I will share all my Banner works Quickly..I will not disappoint you..

Please drop me a message..So that we can talk about it..I will provide UNLIMITED Modifications to the design..

Please Give people like us a chance to show our talent..Drop me a message..I will show you my previous work...Money is not the thing I am looking for..All I need is to show my talent and work to earn some reputation..

In this budget i will provide you the editable PSD file along with Image files such as PNG,JPG or PDF and GIF whiles whatever required at the end

Estimated time that would take will be around 1 day max to complete the full project..If I can contact you constantly for modifications..else it will take time..I can get back to you quickly

I have ratings of 4.9/5 and a completion rate of 96% and repeat hire rate is 64%
Which means I will never disappoint my clients on this website..

Thank you in advance..Please consider my proposal

 

 
